Show how to create an anchor link (#1833)
digitallyinduced/ihp: Guide/recipes.markdown

## Highlight the targeted element

> Let's say you have a page with comments, and you link to them with `<a href="#comment-<comment ID>">`, that you've built like that (assuming you have a `comment.id`)

Author: ```suggestion
Let's say you have a page with comments, and you link to them with `<a href="#comment-<comment ID>">`. You can build it like this (assuming you have a `comment.id`)
```

```haskell
[hsx|
<a { ...[ ("href", "#comment-" ++ show comment.id)
        , ("id", "comment-" ++ show comment.id)
        ]}

> |]

Reviewer: Is there any reason for the spread `...` syntax here?

```
<a href={"#comment-" ++ show comment.id} id={"comment-" ++ show comment.id}>
```

looks simpler to me

Author: Right, for some reason I didn't think of concatenation inside `{}`. I'll adjust
